#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --allow-unsafe --output-file=requirements-cuda.txt requirements-cuda.in
#
--find-links https://storage.googleapis.com/jax-releases/libtpu_releases.html
--find-links https://storage.googleapis.com/jax-releases/jax_cuda_releases.html

absl-py==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   array-record
    #   chex
    #   clu
    #   fiddle
    #   mesh-tensorflow
    #   ml-collections
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   orbax-export
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   rouge-score
    #   seqio
    #   seqio-nightly
    #   t5
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tfds-nightly
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
array-record==0.5.0
    # via tfds-nightly
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   lingvo
    #   referencing
babel==2.14.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   t5
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
chex==0.1.85
    # via
    #   optax
    #   praxis
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
clu @ git+https://github.com/google/CommonLoopUtils
    # via
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   seqio
    #   seqio-nightly
colorama==0.4.6
    # via sacrebleu
comm==0.2.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contextlib2==21.6.0
    # via ml-collections
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.4
    # via orbax-export
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dm-tree==0.1.8
    # via
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
docstring-parser==0.15
    # via pyglove
editdistance==0.8.1
    # via
    #   seqio
    #   seqio-nightly
    #   t5
einops==0.7.0
    # via praxis
etils[enp,epath,epy]==1.7.0
    # via
    #   array-record
    #   clu
    #   lingvo
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   orbax-export
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
fiddle @ git+https://github.com/google/fiddle
    # via praxis
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
flatbuffers==1.12
    # via tensorflow
flax @ git+https://github.com/google/flax
    # via
    #   clu
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
fonttools==4.49.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
fsspec==2024.2.0
    # via
    #   etils
    #   huggingface-hub
future==1.0.0
    # via mesh-tensorflow
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
gin-config==0.5.0
    # via
    #   mesh-tensorflow
    #   t5
google-auth==2.28.1
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
googleapis-common-protos==1.62.0
    # via tensorflow-metadata
graph-compression-google-research==0.0.4
    # via lingvo
graphviz==0.20.1
    # via
    #   fiddle
    #   paxml
grpcio==1.62.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   grpcio-reflection
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
grpcio-reflection==1.48.2
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
h5py==3.10.0
    # via tensorflow
httpcore==1.0.4
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via jupyterlab
huggingface-hub==0.21.4
    # via
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
immutabledict==4.2.0
    # via t5
importlib-metadata==7.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
importlib-resources==6.1.3
    # via etils
ipykernel==6.29.3
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   lingvo
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.22.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.2
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jax[cuda12-pip,tpu]==0.4.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements-cuda.in
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   chex
    #   clu
    #   flax
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   orbax-export
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   seqio
    #   seqio-nightly
jax-bitempered-loss==0.0.2
    # via praxis
jaxlib==0.4.25+cuda12.cudnn89
    # via
    #   chex
    #   clu
    #   jax
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   orbax-export
    #   seqio
    #   seqio-nightly
jaxtyping==0.2.28
    # via praxis
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.22
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.21.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via lingvo
jupyter-client==8.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-http-over-ws==0.0.8
    # via lingvo
jupyter-lsp==2.2.4
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.13.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.2
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.1.4
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
keras==2.9.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
libclang==16.0.6
    # via tensorflow
libcst==1.2.0
    # via fiddle
libtpu-nightly==0.1.dev20240224
    # via jax
lingvo==0.12.7
    # via
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
lxml==5.1.0
    # via sacrebleu
markdown==3.5.2
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.21.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.8.3
    # via lingvo
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mesh-tensorflow[transformer]==0.1.21
    # via t5
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
ml-collections==0.1.1
    # via clu
ml-dtypes==0.3.2
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   tensorstore
model-pruning-google-research==0.0.5
    # via lingvo
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.0.8
    # via
    #   flax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
nbclient==0.9.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.2
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   orbax-checkpoint
nltk==3.8.1
    # via
    #   rouge-score
    #   t5
notebook==7.1.1
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-http-over-ws
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   chex
    #   clu
    #   contourpy
    #   etils
    #   flax
    #   h5py
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   jaxtyping
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   opt-einsum
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   orbax-export
    #   pandas
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   rouge-score
    #   sacrebleu
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seqio
    #   seqio-nightly
    #   t5
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorstore
    #   tfds-nightly
    #   transformers
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.4.2.65
    # via
    #   jax
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.4.99
    # via jax
nvidia-cuda-nvcc-cu12==12.4.99
    # via jax
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.4.99
    # via nvidia-cudnn-cu12
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.4.99
    # via jax
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==8.9.7.29
    # via jax
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.2.0.44
    # via jax
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.6.0.99
    # via jax
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.3.0.142
    # via
    #   jax
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.20.5
    # via jax
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.4.99
    # via
    #   jax
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via
    #   jax
    #   praxis
    #   tensorflow
optax==0.2.1
    # via
    #   flax
    #   praxis
optax-shampoo==0.0.6
    # via praxis
orbax-checkpoint==0.5.3
    # via
    #   flax
    #   orbax-export
    #   paxml
orbax-export==0.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   clu
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   seqio
    #   seqio-nightly
    #   tensorflow
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.1
    # via t5
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
paxml @ git+https://github.com/google/paxml
    # via -r requirements.in
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.2.0
    # via
    #   lingvo
    #   matplotlib
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via jupyter-core
portalocker==2.8.2
    # via sacrebleu
portpicker==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
praxis @ git+https://github.com/google/praxis
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   paxml
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
promise==2.3
    # via
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==3.19.6
    # via
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-reflection
    #   lingvo
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   paxml
    #   seqio
    #   seqio-nightly
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tfds-nightly
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   portpicker
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.5.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyglove==0.4.4
    # via
    #   paxml
    #   seqio
    #   seqio-nightly
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   flax
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   libcst
    #   ml-collections
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   transformers
pyzmq==25.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.5.1
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.33.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2023.12.25
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   sacrebleu
    #   transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jax
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
    #   transformers
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.7.1
    # via flax
rouge-score==0.1.2
    # via t5
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
sacrebleu==2.4.0
    # via t5
safetensors==0.4.2
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.4.1.post1
    # via
    #   lingvo
    #   t5
scipy==1.12.0
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   mesh-tensorflow
    #   scikit-learn
    #   t5
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
sentencepiece==0.1.99
    # via
    #   lingvo
    #   praxis
    #   seqio
    #   seqio-nightly
    #   t5
seqio==0.0.18
    # via -r requirements.in
seqio-nightly==0.0.17.dev20231010
    # via
    #   paxml
    #   t5
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   google-pasta
    #   jupyter-http-over-ws
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   mesh-tensorflow
    #   ml-collections
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   rouge-score
    #   t5
    #   tensorflow
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
sympy==1.12
    # via lingvo
t5==0.9.4
    # via paxml
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via sacrebleu
tensorboard==2.9.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.9.3
    # via
    #   lingvo
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   tensorflow-text
tensorflow-datasets==4.8.3
    # via
    #   lingvo
    #   mesh-tensorflow
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
tensorflow-estimator==2.9.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-hub==0.16.1
    # via
    #   lingvo
    #   tensorflow-text
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.36.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-metadata==1.12.0
    # via
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
tensorflow-text==2.9.0
    # via
    #   lingvo
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   seqio
    #   seqio-nightly
tensorstore==0.1.54
    # via
    #   flax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   paxml
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
terminado==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tf-keras==2.15.0
    # via tensorflow-hub
tfds-nightly==4.8.3.dev202303280045
    # via
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   seqio
    #   seqio-nightly
    #   t5
threadpoolctl==3.3.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tokenizers==0.15.2
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
toolz==0.12.1
    # via chex
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-http-over-ws
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.1
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
transformers==4.38.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   t5
typeguard==2.13.3
    # via
    #   jaxtyping
    #   praxis
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.20240106
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   chex
    #   clu
    #   etils
    #   fiddle
    #   flax
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   libcst
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   tensorflow
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   libcst
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.42.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
widgetsnbextension==4.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   clu
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
zipp==3.17.0
    # via
    #   etils
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
setuptools==69.1.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
